# Introduction

Please carefully read the [rules](rules/README.md), they may have changed or been clarified. Refer to the [assignment text](README.md) before doing the tasks described in this document. Don't forget to copy this file to `report.md` and filling your answers there. Do not edit this file.

In the answers below, report/plot the data points with the following the order and units of their components:

- for Cartesian coordinates
    1. time [s since TLE epoch]
    2. position x [m]
    3. position y [m]
    4. position z [m]
    5. velocity x [m]
    6. velocity y [m]
    7. velocity z [m]

- for Spherical coordinates:
    1. time [s]
    2. azimuth or longitude [deg] 
    3. elevation or latitude [deg]
    4. radius [m] (not altitude)
    5. azimuthal or latitudinal velocity [deg/s]
    6. elevational or longitudinal velocity [deg/s]
    7. radial velocity [m/s]

# 1 Update your orbit

Report the TLE data you retrieved. If you retrieved TLE data in `KVN`, `XML`, `JSON` or `CSV` formats, report it in `TLE` format.

TLE_DATA : open text answer : 0 points

Report the start time of your time domain, in terms of seconds since the epoch of your TLE data.

ORB_START_T : numeric answer : 0 points

Report the stop time of your time domain, in terms of seconds since the epoch of your TLE data.

ORB_STOP_T : numeric answer : 0 points

Report the time step in your time domain, in terms of seconds.

ORB_STEP_T : numeric answer : 0 points

Report the first data point from the SGP4 orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_SGP4_FIRST : numeric answer : 0 points

Report the last data point from the SGP4 orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_SGP4_LAST : numeric answer : 0 points

Report the first data point from the integrated orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_INTEG_FIRST : numeric answer : 0 points

Report the last data point from the integrated orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_INTEG_LAST : numeric answer : 0 points


# 2 Implement the gravitational disturbance resulting from Earth's oblateness

Report the code that computes the gravitational disturbance resulting from Earth's oblateness as function of Cartesian positions.

CODE_J2 : code answer : 2 points

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate the orbit under the influence of this disturbance.

J2_COM : open text answer : 0 points

Report true if you included the effect of $`J_{2,2}`$ to produce the disturbed orbit, in addition to the effect of $`J_2`$; answer false otherwise.

J22_FLAG : open text answer : 0 points

Report the first data point from the disturbed orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_J2_FIRST : numeric answer : 2 points

Report the last data point from the disturbed orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_J2_LAST : numeric answer : 2 points

Report the markdown code that adds to this document your plot with the radial, longitudinal and latitudinal difference between the disturbed orbit and the integrated orbit.

J2_PLOT : graphic answer: 2 points

Report the markdown code that adds to this document your plot with the magnitude of the gravitational disturbance resulting from Earth's oblateness.

J2_PMAG : graphic answer: 2 points

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate your plots.

J2_PLOT_COM : open text answer : 0 points

Make three observations on these plots.

J2_PLOT_OBS : open text answer: 2 points

Make two interpretations about the observations you reported above.

J2_PLOT_INT : open text answer: 3 points

Make one conclusion based on the observations and interpretations you reported above.

J2_PLOT_CON : open text answer: 5 points

# 3 Implement the effect of drag

Report the code that computes the drag disturbance as function of Cartesian positions and velocities.

CODE_DRAG : code answer : 2 points

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate the orbit under the influence of this disturbance.

DRAG_COM : open text answer : 0 points

Report true if you included the effect the rotating atmosphere of the Earth; answer false otherwise.

DRAG_FLAG : open text answer : 0 points

Report the first data point from the disturbed orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_DRAG_FIRST : numeric answer : 2 points

Report the last data point from the disturbed orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_DRAG_LAST : numeric answer : 2 points

Report the markdown code that adds to this document your plot with the radial, longitudinal and latitudinal difference between the disturbed orbit and the integrated orbit.

DRAG_PLOT : graphic answer: 2 points

Report the markdown code that adds to this document your plot with the magnitude of the drag.

DRAG_PMAG : graphic answer: 2 points

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate your plots.

DRAG_PLOT_COM : open text answer : 0 points

Make three observations on these plots.

DRAG_PLOT_OBS : open text answer: 2 points

Make two interpretations about the observations you reported above.

DRAG_PLOT_INT : open text answer: 3 points

Make one conclusion based on the observations and interpretations you reported above.

DRAG_PLOT_CON : open text answer: 5 points

# 4 Implement the effect of radiation pressure force

Report the code that computes the solar radiation pressure disturbance as function of Cartesian positions and velocities.

CODE_SRP : code answer : 2 points

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate the orbit under the influence of this disturbance.

SRP_COM : open text answer : 0 points

Report true if you included the effect the penumbra differently than the umbra; answer false otherwise.

SRP_FLAG : open text answer : 0 points

Report the first data point from the disturbed orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_SRP_FIRST : numeric answer : 2 points

Report the last data point from the disturbed orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_SRP_LAST : numeric answer : 2 points

Report the markdown code that adds to this document your plot with the radial, longitudinal and latitudinal difference between the disturbed orbit and the integrated orbit.

SRP_PLOT : graphic answer: 2 points

Report the markdown code that adds to this document your plot with the magnitude of the radiation pressure force.

SRP_PMAG : graphic answer: 2 points

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate your plots.

SRP_PLOT_COM : open text answer : 0 points

Make three observations on these plots.

SRP_PLOT_OBS : open text answer: 2 points

Make two interpretations about the observations you reported above.

SRP_PLOT_INT : open text answer: 3 points

Make one conclusion based on the observations and interpretations you reported above.

SRP_PLOT_CON : open text answer: 5 points

# 5 Implement the effect of 3rd body perturbations

Report the code that computes the disturbance caused by the gravitational attraction of the Sun and the Moon, as function of Cartesian positions and velocities.

CODE_3BP : code answer : 2 points

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate the orbit under the influence of this disturbance.

3BP_COM : open text answer : 0 points

Report true if you used the actual positions of the Sun and Moon; answer false otherwise.

3BP_FLAG : open text answer : 0 points

Report the first data point from the disturbed orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_3BP_FIRST : numeric answer : 2 points

Report the last data point from the disturbed orbit, in Cartesian coordinates.

ORB_3BP_LAST : numeric answer : 2 points

Report the markdown code that adds to this document your plot with the radial, longitudinal and latitudinal difference between the disturbed orbit and the integrated orbit.

3BP_PLOT : graphic answer: 2 points

Report the markdown code that adds to this document your plot with the magnitude of the 3rd body perturbations caused by the Sun and Moon.

3BP_PMAG : graphic answer: 2 points

Report the command that you use in the CLI to generate your plots.

3BP_PLOT_COM : open text answer : 0 points

Make three observations on these plots.

3BP_PLOT_OBS : open text answer: 2 points

Make two interpretations about the observations you reported above.

3BP_PLOT_INT : open text answer: 3 points

Make one conclusion based on the observations and interpretations you reported above.

3BP_PLOT_CON : open text answer: 5 points

# 6 Final remarks

Report the steps you have taken to address Code Excellence. Report "none" if relevant.

EXC_CODE : code excellence answer: 20 points

Report the steps you have taken to address Assignment Excellence. Report "none" if relevant.

-  In addition to the effect of $`J_2`$, also include the effect of $`J_{2,2}=1.8155628 10^{-6}`$, with $`\Lambda_{2,2}=-14.9287`$ degree.

EXC_ASSIGN_1 : assignment excellence answer: 5 points

- Assume that Earth's atmosphere is rotating with the same angular speed as the Earth.

EXC_ASSIGN_2 : assignment excellence answer: 5 points

- Implement the geometric shadowing factor $`f_g`$ given by Eq. 3.32 of Doornbos (2012), or Eq. 26 in slide 35 of Lecture 4, thus contemplating the effect of the penumbra, assuming no absorption of solar flux by Earth's atmosphere (the factor $`f_a`$ in Eq. 3.31 or Eq. 27 in the same slide, is 1).

EXC_ASSIGN_3 : assignment excellence answer: 5 points

- Retrieve the actual positions of the Sun and Moon provided by JPL's [Horizons System](https://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/horizons/) in an automated way and replace the fixed Sun and Moon coordinates given above with the ones provided by JPL.

EXC_ASSIGN_4 : assignment excellence answer: 5 points

Report how long it took you to solve this assignment, in (fractional) hours.

ASSIGNMENT_HOURS : numeric answer : 0 points

Please provide any feedback on the assignment, for example, how it felt to work through it, if you found it to be too easy or difficult or if you learned new things or skills.

ASSIGNMENT_FEEDBACK : open text answer : 0 points
